Add a note for the upgrade with postgres 12 on SelfHosted (#85)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/self-hosted/troubleshooting.md

leave your current installation in tact but rewrite the main config files and therefore
update the host IP and the NO_PROXY environment.

> #### Replicated Management Console shows "Stopped" after upgrading to 1.12.4
> 
> You just upgraded to SelfHosted version 1.12.4 and now the Replicated Management Console 
> only shows "Stopped" in the top left corner of the dashboard? In this SelfHosted update PostgreSQL is upgraded from 9.6 to 12. Depending on the size of your database, this will cause increased disk IO and might take a few minutes during which the application won't be available.   
> The upgrade is done in the docker container `packagist-postgres-update` which should be first started then `stopped`. You can check the `Cluster` section: all containers should be started except the upgrade container should be stopped. The Replicated Management Console is just showing the wrong state.  
> Pressing the button `Start now` on the dashboard would then show the correct state, but you can leave it as is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Replicated Management Console shows "Stopped" after upgrading to 1.12.4

You just updated to Self-Hosted version 1.12.4 and now the Replicated Management Console 
only shows "Stopped" in the top left corner of the dashboard? As part of this this Self-Hosted update PostgreSQL is upgraded from 9.6 to 12. Depending on the size of your database, this will cause increased disk IO and might take a few minutes during which the application won't be available.   
The upgrade is done in the docker container `packagist-postgres-update` which only runs for the duration of the upgrade and then stops. You can check the `Cluster` section in the Replicated Management Console: all containers should be started except the upgrade container, which should be stopped. The Replicated Management Console is just showing the wrong state on the dashboard.  
Pressing the button `Start now` on the dashboard will correct the displayed application state, but you can also leave it as is.
```
